A Strange Ring

Years back I was part of a crew that sailed around the seas in search of ancient relics. There were six of us in all and we spent years searching every island we could find in search of the next mysterious artifact. One day during our travels we found an enormous island. It was bigger than any island we had seen before. We couldn’t wait to explore it and we just knew that it must have something valuable hidden within its forest. We quickly docked our ship and headed into the island. 

After searching for most of the day, night fell and we thought it best to build a fire and set up camp. In the dead of night we all awoke to a strange sound coming from deep within the jungle. It sounded like a woman crying yet it had a deep grunting sound to it. The sound gave me chills. We all lay there wide eyed and in silence, afraid that whatever lurked out there might come our way. Eventually it subsided and we hesitantly fell back to sleep. 


At dawn we decided to search for traces of the occurrence we heard the night before. Not long into our search we found something. Deep within the woods, nestled between a few trees lay a strange box. The outside of the box was dark like coal and etched with strange runic symbols. I knew we shouldn’t open it but Barlo, one of the other crew members couldn’t resist and freed the chest from its bindings.

We slowly peered inside the box and there in the center lay a ring. It was a glossy black color with some sort of red gem embedded in the center. The gem almost appeared to the eye of the ring, looking at you no matter which way you turned. Barlo quickly claimed the ring as his and snatched it out of its prison. . I think we were all a bit afraid of the ring and figured we’d just leave Barlo to it.


We eventually made our way back to the boat and began our trek home. Some time during the trip back, Barlo began to act strange. He was becoming more irritated than normal and sometimes even violent. I remember one day we found Barlo slouched in the corner of his room, whispering something to himself in some strange tongue. We couldn’t understand what he was saying and he wasn’t responding to our attempts to get his attention. 

As the days went on, these sort of occurrences became commonplace with Barlo. He seemed to withdraw to himself most of the days and would have nothing to do with any of the other crew members. Finally, he snapped. 


In the middle of the night we all awoke to loud cries and screams coming from above deck. I quickly ran up the stairs to see what was going on. When I reached the deck I saw Barlo standing on top of the crows nest screaming and crying in that same strange language he had spoke before. He seemed extremely distressed and our attempts to calm him were in vain. After a few minutes of wailing he finally went silent. His body locked up, he thrusted his head to the sky, and jumped. We all gasped as we saw his body fall to the deck and land with a sickening thud that I will never forget. Barlo died at that moment. 

When we approached his body I noticed the ring Barlo had taken from the island. I had completely forgotten about it until now. When I saw the ring this time though, it appeared different. 


The gem that was previously red was now black. As I looked into the gem, the darkness seemed to swallow me whole. I felt fear surge through my body as I realized this ring must have played some role in Barlo’s demise. I'm not sure how but I was certain there as an evil to this ring that was at work. Barlo had been perfectly fine for years before he came across this ring. I had to take it and protect others from it, even if that meant endangering myself. 

I quickly snatched it off without the others noticing and stowed it away in my quarters. I stored it in a small container and locked it away. I’ve been carrying this burden for years now and I can feel it’s curse calling to me to everyday. I hear whispers when I lay in bed coming from the locked chest and I feel as though I'm losing my sanity. 

I would like nothing more than to rid myself of this burden, but I can’t bring myself to destroy it. I cannot let the ring go. 


 


 


 



I'm beginning to hear whispers. They are telling me to do things I shouldn't. I don't know how much longer I can handle this...