Welcome to the world of Salt! This world is about exploration, adventure and discovery. This book will help you get your adventure started. For a list of controls, see the Controls Book, which can be accessed through the pause menu by pressing escape on keyboard or start on controller.

INVENTORY
As you explore, you will obtain items of all different sorts. These items are stored in your inventory. Each item icon will have a background color representing its quality or rarity, and may have a stack size number if the item is stackable.

When opening your inventory, you will notice two windows appear. The right-most window is your inventory while the left-most window shows all of the items you currently have equipped.


On the right side of the inventory there are a number of different tabs. These tabs work as filters for your items. These tabs are:

General Tab - Shows everything except boats.

Usable Tab - Shows items that you can click to use in some way such as potions or bandages.

Equipable Tab - Shows items that can be equipped.

Crafting Tab - Opens crafting interface and shows items that can be used as crafting components.

Boat Tab - Shows boats.


CRAFTING
When you select the crafting tab in your inventory, the crafting interface will appear at the top of the window. When you select crafting components from your inventory, they will show up in the left hand set of boxes in the crafting interface. If the components can combine to create something, a new icon will appear in the right-hand set of boxes. You can select this icon to craft it. You can find a list of basic crafting recipes in your crafting journal, which can be found in your general inventory tab.

BOATS
In order to travel around the world, you will need a boat. You can find the recipes for starting boats in your crafting journal. Once a boat is crafted, it will appear in your inventory under the boat tab. Interact with the boat item to place the boat. 


When you place a boat, you may notice that it is still in your inventory. You can re-place a single boat as many times as you wish, and you can have one of each type of boat out at a time.

SAVING
Upon quitting the game and returning, or upon death, you will respawn at your last save point. Your inventory, however, is constantly saved. This means you will not lose items upon death, but nor will you regain any items that you have used since your last save. This means that if you use some arrows in a fight and die, you will not regain those arrows.

RESTING
If you wish to pass some time and heal up, you can rest at a campfire. Campfires can be found in the world, or you can craft them and place them yourself.


FOOD
On the bottom left of your screen is a set of bars. The green bar on bottom is your food meter. The lower it is, the more hungry you are. When this meter runs out, you will recover stamina at a much slower rate. As long as you have some food, your health will slowly regenerate over time. You can replenish your food by eating, and some food give you special effects. If you are too full to consume a food item, you will not be able to eat it until you are hungry enough, so choose wisely what you eat for your meals.

STAMINA
The blue bar above the food meter is your stamina meter. Stamina is used for many combat actions, sprinting, swimming, and dodging.


COMBAT
Combat involves four main actions. Primary attack, secondary attack, blocking, and dodging. Secondary attacks and dodging generally use stamina. In order to attack, you need to equip a weapon. You can also avoid enemy detection by sneaking.

HOTKEYS
You can bind any item in your inventory to a hotkey (0-9 on the keyboard or bumper+button on controller). To hotkey an item, hover your mouse over it or select it with the conroller and press the number/button combination that you wish to bind it to. Multiple items can be bound to the same hotkey. This will cyle between the items bound to the same hotkey.


JOURNAL
The journal is divided into two sections. You can switch between these sections by pressing the bookmarks labeled Main and Quest at the top left of the journal interface. The main section of the journal is for you to keep notes about the game as you please. The quest section holds brief notes on quests that you encounter during play. This section is not editable, and will automatically updated during play.

To edit the main section of the journal, mouse over the quill icon at the bottom of the page that you wish to edit, and select either new entry or new section. If you chose to add a new section, it will create a link to a brand new section of the journal. Use sections to keep your journal better organized.


MAP
As you travel the world, it may be useful to make note of what you find where. Use your map to mark where an island is located, and add icons to indicate what you found there. Note that you will need to find or craft a sextant in order to easily determine your location in the world.

The map is divided into a large grid. Each grid represents one square unit of distance in the world. For reference, a small island fits entirely into one square. Click a square on the map to mark it as an island. You can click an island on the map to open up a window with additional options for that island.

Within the island options window, click the grow/shrink icon at the top left to convert the island into a large island, which will expand it one unit north and one unit east. The red X button


at the top right will delete the island. Below those two buttons you will see a list of icons that can be added to the island. Click on any of these to add them on top of the currently selected island. These can be used to indicate certain things that you found on the island.

At the bottom of the island edit window is a button with the journal icon. Click this to open up a journal section specifically for the selected island. Here, you can make any kind of notes you want. This is handy for noting detailed information that you want to remember about the island.

Not all features of the map are available to you right away. Explore the world to find ways to unlock new features.

For instructions on adding your own custom map icons, please visit SaltTheGame.com/pages/mapicons/.