Thoren's Journal

Entry 1

Today I found something different. Something unique. 

My name is Thoren and I've been a hunter for as long as I can remember. What started as a useful tool for survival turned into a trade for sport and something I simply love doing. I find myself frequently traveling from place to place, hunting any wildlife worth the time. In my years of experience I've learned many tricks and secrets of the trade, not finding anything too noteworthy. However, recently I came across something I had never seen before.  


Entry 2

I was wandering on an island off the coast of my home land that had never been fully explored. While venturing deep within the woods, I came across a shack. These shacks exist primarily for hunters and aren't too uncommon, but something felt different about this one. As I approached the shack I grabbed the ladder and climbed into the hut, searching for anything that might be useful in my travels. 

In the corner I saw a crate that was slightly open. As I pulled myself into the shack, my eye caught a glimmer of light reflecting inside the box. Quickly opening the crate, I found a lone arrow that looked different than others I had seen. Picking the arrow up, I examined it more closely and could tell instantly that this wasn't any ordinary arrow. It felt very durable yet light and agile. I needed to know


more about this object and so I've decided to take it to my dear friend Aldan. If anyone would know more about this, it would be him. 

Entry 3

I just returned from my visit with Aldan. When I brought the arrow to him he looked surprised to see it, as though he recognized it but expected it not to surface again. Aldan told me that the arrow held a certain reward for those skilled at the art of hunting. He also told me the arrow was specially made for hunting the largest of deer. Unfortunately he didn't know much more than that. Nevertheless, I was excited to try out the new arrow and see what success it would bring to my hunting endeavors! 


Aldan didn't know much more about the arrow, but he did say that there were more than one, and that if I wanted to know more about how they came to be, I should look for a book titled ‘The Art of Hunting.' Apparently the book was written by a hunter who also had a great deal of experience in alchemy and crafting. Aldan seems to think that the this hunter has created many rare objects and tools useful for hunting, other than just these arrows. I'll definitely keep my eye out for this book during my travels. 
