Entry 1

Today my wife encouraged me to start writing in a journal. She seemed to think it might get my mind off our problems. You see, the wildlife has been sparse here recently and we are running low on supplies. We have enough food and resources to get us through the next month or so, but I'm not sure what we'll do after that. I suppose time will tell. 


Entry 2

Today Mirella and I had an argument. It's been four weeks now since we've seen any sign of deer and our food supply is almost out. The fruit on the trees has grown so few and far between that we are barely hanging on. I knew it was time to do something, so I wrote a letter by bird to the Pirate King of North asking for food and supplies. In exchange I offered my services to join his crew for the next twelve months. 

Of course my wife didn't like any of this and was outraged when she found out about the letter. She doesn't approve of the pirate colonies and was appalled that I was willing to join one. 

Doesn't she understand that I did it for us? For her? I know what the pirates do. I know of their murders, theft, and brutality. But what other choice do I have? I will await to hear the King's response. 


Entry 3

Today I received a letter from the King of the North as well as an enclosed contract of service. He said he would send a boat with food and supplies over soon and that I should be on the lookout for its arrival. He also said that he expected me to return on that ship with the contract signed, ready to serve in his command. 

Mirella has threatened to leave me should I join the King's crew. She thinks we can hold out longer and that we can just ‘figure it out.' She is in denial. We are out of food and out of time. I love her too much to let her die like this. 


Entry 4

The ship has just arrived and my time to join the King's crew has come. I must go, even if it is against my wife's wishes.


Mirella, if you are reading this, I hope you will be here when I return. I hope that you can understand that I did this for you. This is not the life I planned for it us, but it is the hand we have been dealt. Please forgive me. 


Love, 
Abner
