Arnath's Journal

Entry 1

I met an alchemist today by the name of Salin. While I was out hunting for food I came across his shack deep within the forest. In all my days of adventuring I have never met an alchemist quite like him. He seemed to have his heart set on crafting a special ring. Whether he will succeed remains to be unseen.  

In any case, Salin seemed to have a particularly useful skill when it came to making poisons. He showed me a variety of potions he had crafted using various herbs in the world. As he was discussing his work, it occurred to me that it might be possible for Salin to imbue a weapon with such potency. I asked him if he thought he could add a poisonous effect to my bow. He thought about it for a while and then finally said he was willing to give it a try. 


He instructed me to leave my bow with him and come back the next day. So I left him to it. 

Entry 2

Upon my return to the shack, Salin was nowhere to be found. In the corner of the room lay my bow and a note. The note read, “Dear Arnath. I’ve gone in search of something important and I’m not sure when I shall return. I am pleased to say the experiment with your bow has proven successful. I think you’ll find your new weapon rather powerful now. Best of luck and I hope we meet again soon.”

After reading the note I glanced down at my bow and noticed it appeared different than normal. The bow was now a dark color and etched with a glowing and poisoneous veins. 


I was slightly afraid to pick up the bow, but I trusted Salin. When I finally picked it up I could feel that something was different. The bow felt different than before. It was time I test this new weapon out. 

Entry 3

I’m pleased to say that the new bow works remarkably. My hunting adventures are becoming less difficult as my enemy is often poisoned and eventually defeated. Salin has truly outdone himself. He is a powerful alchemist, no doubt about that. I wonder what kind of ring he’s trying to make? Time will tell I suppose. 
