Learning the Wildlife

If youve made it to volume four, then hopefully youve got a good grasp on the basics of hunting. While challenging and requiring a great deal of patience, hunting is also very rewarding. Now that youve read and begun to practice the basics of preparing for the hunt, surviving the wild, and mastering the bow, its time to take the final step. You must now learn about your prey. 

When starting out hunting, the first animal you will likely encounter will be deer. While there are more creatures than this, youll need to find books to research about the others. In this guide we will focus on deer. 

The deer you find in the wild will provide a nice challenge, but wont attack you and will allow you to hone your skills as a hunter. Hunting deer will net you resources such as food and pelts to make armor and even some weapons. 


The key to hunting deer is learning to read their patterns. Deer often like to stop and graze for a moment as they are walking about. This is a prime time to strike as they are predictable. Be sure and aim for the head or neck when you can, as it will do extra damage. 

Deer are very cautious animals and will flee at a high speed if you get too close. They are also particularly good at seemingly disappearing. One second youll think youve got the deer in your sights and the next second hes over a hill and has vanished into thin air. It gets quite frustrating! Because they are so watchful, youll want to sneak up and remain out of sight. If you stay low to ground and move slowly, you should be able to get close before they notice you. At this point, the key is to land the most powerful blow you can. Aim for the head or neck, use a good bow and arrow, and consider using poison as well.  If you land the blow successfully, youll do a good deal of damage on the deer. 


Most deer are pretty resilient and will likely survive the first blow from lesser bows and arrows, fleeing into the forest. Youll need to be ready to either start chasing them or lining up your second shot. If you choose to chase them, be prepared to run for a while before they slow down. If you decide to go for another shot, be prepared to lead the deer by a good bit. They move at a high speed and so youll need to aim a ways ahead to secure a blow. Once you land a few shots, the deer should go down. 

Another thing to consider when hunting deer is to wait for them to get in an open area. If you can find deer out in an open field, they will be much easier to keep track of and you can lead your next shot before they disappear over a hill. 


In Conclusion, I do hope that these volumes have been helpful in pushing you one step closer to your goal. By putting these tips and suggestions into practice everyday, youll be a master hunter in no time. 