In a distant ocean cove known as the Sanguine Lagoon, a researcher by the name of Cresswell was documenting marine and local island life when he came across something rather magnificent: a sea turtle. On first glance Cresswell didn't know what to think of the creature. Its size surprised him as it surpassed most of the local marine life he had seen in his previous ventures. Though the creature was indeed large, it appeared quite docile and non-threatening. Gathering up enough courage, Cresswell was eventually able to get close to the creature and observe it more thoroughly. 

These are his findings. 


Cresswell's Research Diary: Sea Turtles. Day One. 

This has to be the most magnificent living thing I have ever come across! My plan for today was to document the feeding habits of the poisonous yellowfin, a well known but rather interesting fish local to this area. You can imagine my surprise when I came across the creature I have now come to call, the sea turtle. 

Let's see, how do I describe it? The creature has a large protective shell that seems to be quite sturdy. It must have evolved such an armor to protect itself from other dangerous marine life. Unlike land turtles, this large species of turtle cannot retract into its shell. The turtle seems to feed primarily on coral and sea algae, though I don't know if this is exclusive to their diet. 

As of today this is all I've come to find out about these creatures. I will gather more findings and share them later. 


Cresswell's Research Diary: Sea Turtles. Day Five. 

I've now spent five days with these beautiful creatures and I feel that I've come to know them even better. One thing I've come to learn is that the turtles cannot breathe underwater, but have to hold their breath. The particular turtle that I've been documenting has been diving from around thirty to forty minutes at a time. Quite astounding if you ask me! I can only hold my breath for about thirty seconds. 

I've also come to learn the turtles lay eggs. A lot of eggs in fact. This particular sea turtle probably laid close to one hundred eggs the other day, though I'm not sure how many will survive. 


Cresswell's Research Diary: Sea Turtles. Day Ten. 

Today the sea turtle I've been studying decided to head out into the ocean where I could not follow it. And although I'm quite thankful for all the data I've collected about the creature, I am sad to see her go. Upon my return to Newhaven Harbor I will begin work on publishing my findings in a peer reviewed journal. The world must know more about these beautiful creatures! 