Disclaimer: This guide is not meant for advanced or professional ship builders. As says in the title, this guide is for those new to the art of ship craftsmanship and are looking to the learn the basics. 


Building Your Ship: Part One

In order to build a ship you're going to need one primary material: wood. Any dinky pirate that tries to build a ship without wood is going to end up at the bottom of the sea. Ships need to be strong, buoyant, and able to withstand the fiercest storms. For this, only wood will do the job. 

Start by gathering wood. Lots of wood. Get in your mind a picture of much would you will need and then double it. Don't slack on the wood or your ship will slack on you. The wood is going to act as the foundation and the skeleton of your ship. Whether you building a small raft or a large vessel, you'll need lots of wood to secure a solid foundation and provide a framework for your sails. 


Building Your Ship: Part Two

Once you've got enough wood and are confident you will have a solid foundation of your ship, you then need to gather materials for sails. Without sails, you'll go nowhere. Remember, the wind is your friend! 

Sails are generally going to made out of cloth. Cloth can be obtained multiple ways, but however you choose to do it, you'll need to cloth the make the sails. Once the sails are made, you'll have your ship essentially ready to go! 


Building Your Ship: Part Three

Having a functional and sturdy ship that sails is obviously the most important thing. However, it won't hurt to add some decorations to your ship. You're probably going to be spending a good bit of time at sea afterall. Surely you'll want something to look at other than the ship's structure. 

There are many different types of ship decorating materials you can use. Somethings will be primarily for utility purposes, such as storage chests to store your items. While others will be for show, such as paintings and weapon mounts. 


Following the above three steps will set you well on your way to building a mighty vessel. Remember, gather wood, gather cloth, and make your ship! It's really that simple. I don't even know why I bother writing these guides...
