Tales of Robin of Cezia: The Interrogation

“Where have you hid the Captain’s jewel? I want answers!” The interrogator punches Robin in the cheek, sending a wave of pain throughout his body as he spins around, dangling from chains in the rafters. Robin smirks at the interrogator. 

“The Captain’s jewel? I wasn’t aware thieves could become a captain. Seems like you people have lowered your standards a bit.”

“Silence!” 

“First you want me to speak, now you want me to remain silent. Can you make up your mind already?” 

Another fist flies into Robin’s body, only this time the blow lands on his ribs, sending him into a coughing fit.  “Still think you’re funny? Maybe you’re ready to talk now. Or do I have to loosen that tongue some more? ”


“Hm, let me think. How about loosen the tongue. Yeah I’ll take loosen the tongue.”

The interrogator smiles at Robin, “Alright then, if that’s the way you want to play it. I’ve got just the tool for the job. I’ll be right back. Don’t go running off now. There’s still much fun to be had.” The interrogator walks out of the room and shuts the door behind him. 

As if on cue, Robin lifts his legs towards the rafters as high as he can, and then lets his entire body weight drop. The chains pull the rafters down slightly as dust flies off the beams. Almost there. 

With another pull, Robin lifts himself with all his strength and lets his body go limp. This time the rafters finally give way. The crash was louder than Robin expected and he knew he only had seconds to prepare his ambush. With his hands still in chains he ran across the room towards the door, leaning up against the wall waiting for the interrogator to reenter.


Hearing the footsteps coming, Robin slinked even further against the wall, preparing the chains for an attack. The door opens in a hurry as the interrogator flies into the room. With catlike speed, Robin wraps the chains around the man’s neck and pulls him back against the wall. The interrogator fought with everything he had in him but the deed was done. Robin, being sure the man was taken care of, searched his pockets and found the key to his chains. He quickly inserted the key into the locking mechanism and his hands were freed. 

His victory was short lived however. After unlocking his chains he heard what must of been five or six men coming towards the room, all likely armed. Robin closed his eyes and took a slow and steady breath. “Now it’s my turn for answers.” 

